## Introduction {#introduction}

OpenMinTeD aspires to facilitate the use of TDM technologies in the scientific publications world, ranging from generic scholarly communication to literature related to specific disciplines. Scholarly publications come from a wide bulk of stakeholders, e.g. institutional and discipline repositories, academic journals, scientific publishers, etc. For the first phase, the focus is on literature repositories and publishers, as regards sources, and on &quot;open access&quot; content<sup><a href="#916464963798167-footnote-1">[1]</a></sup>, as regards access conditions.

OpenMinTeD relies on existing infrastructures and standards/best practices for its operation. Thus, for the import of scholarly publications, it relies on the two main aggregators of such content, OpenAIRE [^2] and CORE[^3]. Providers of scholarly publications are asked to contribute their resources by depositing them at one of these stakeholders, following their respective guidelines and procedures. In addition, OpenAIRE and CORE are developing a content connector that allows harvesting of open access publications through the APIs of publishers that allow this.

Scholarly publications will be imported into OpenMinTeD based on a procedure which involves the creation of corpora upon queries submitted by the end-users. Researchers don&#039;t come to OpenMinTeD to read one by one publications, but to build a corpus by selecting publications from various sources based on specific criteria, e.g. &quot;a corpus of English articles in the biomedicine area&quot;, in order to run TDM services on them.

The following sections present a list of requirements and recommendations that publications must meet to interact with TDM resources. **Please, note that this list will continue to be updated and visit the site often to find more recommendations and advice.**

[^1]: Open Access is defined as “the free and online availability of literature, which allows to read, download d, copy, distribute, print, search, or link to the full text, crawl articles for indexing, pass them as data to software, or use them for any other useful purpose. An availability that is granted without financial, legal, or technical barriers other than those inseparable from gaining access to the internet itself, and those related to giving authors control over the integrity of their work and the right to be properly acknowledged and cited” [Budapest OA Initiative 2002; Bethesda Statement on OA Publishing 2003; Berlin Declaration on OA Knowledge in Science and Humanities 2003]
[^2]: [http://www.openaire.eu](http://www.openaire.eu)
[^3]: [https://core.ac.uk](https://core.ac.uk)